Completed [Term Entry] Python:NumPy Math Methods degrees (#4784)
Codecademy/docs: content/numpy/concepts/math-methods/terms/degrees/degrees.md

---
Title: '.degrees()'
Description: 'Converts radians to degrees.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'NumPy'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

In NumPy, the **`.degrees()`** function converts an angle measure from radians to degrees.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> numpy.degrees(x)
> 
> numpy.degrees([x, x, x])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
numpy.degrees(x, out=None, where=True)
```

Reviewer: This is the syntax of the `.degrees()` method. Including the parameters that are used very often

```

> - `x`: The number or array of numbers in radians that must be converted.

Reviewer: Please also describe the other parameters based on the above new syntax: `x`, `out` and `where`

## Example 1

```py
# Importing the 'numpy' library as 'np'
import numpy as np

# Convert a single number from radians to degrees
radNum = 4
result = np.degrees(radNum)
print(result)
```

> The output of the above code is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the output generated by the code snippet:
```

Reviewer: reframed it since it was giving plagiarism issue

```shell
229.1831180523293
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Let's have only 1 line space after every heading or new topic

## Example 2

```py
# Importing the 'numpy' library as 'np'
import numpy as np

# Convert an array of numbers from radians to degrees
radArray = [ 2, 4, 5, 8]
result = np.degrees(radArray)
print(result)
```

> The output of the above code is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output generated by the code snippet is as follows:
```

Reviewer: reframed it due to plagiarism issues

```shell
[114.59155903 229.18311805 286.47889757 458.3662361 ]
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: only 1 line space is needed

## Codebyte Example

> In this codebyte example, the `.degree()` method converts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following code to understand how the `.degrees()` function works:
```
